Now a lot of students are taking this course because you want to get a job.
And I have some pieces of advice that I often give students who are in your position.
One of the first things to do is don't worry about your qualifications. Your interviewers will care far
more about what you can do than where you've studied.
Now admittedly, there are companies where they have a blanket rule where nobody gets in the door unless
they have X degree from X university but the majority of companies aren't like this.
They'll look at what you can do.
So show them what you can do,
build a portfolio.
Have a look at some of the job listings on Indeed or LinkedIn and look at the skills that the recruiters
are looking for.
And then based on those skills and those pieces of-- and those expertise and the expertise that they're
looking for, try to build a project that demonstrates that.
And then once you've built up all your projects
think about how you can help other developers like answering questions on Stack Overflow or going into
the Q/A and helping other students because another really really important thing for recruiters
is knowing that you work well with other people, including people who are senior to you
so people who you can learn from, and people who are junior to you, people who you can teach.
So I believe that at any moment in time there's always people who will be above you and below you.
And a true team worker, somebody who's going to perform really really well in a company, is somebody who
can handle both sides really well.
So practice and see how you can demonstrate that to a recruiter.
Start building up your Stack Overflow reputation or start doing some code reviews with some developers
who are more senior to you.
And this way you'll be able to demonstrate not only are you really capable based on your project but
also you have the interpersonal skills to make it at the company.
So have a think about how you can pursue some of those things
I spoke about and keep going.